W-15809676-org-linking (#340)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/trusted-anypoint-platform-org.adoc

> = Enable External Access to Trusted Anypoint Platform Organizations

Author: ```suggestion
= Enable External Access to a Trusted Anypoint Platform Organization
```

== Add a New Trusted Organization

When you add a new organization to your external access configuration, you establish one half of a trust relationship. After the other organization adds yours to its configuration, both organizations can share permissions with each other.

To add an organization to your configuration, you must know its Anypoint xref:access-management::organization.adoc#manage-root-organization-settings[domain]. Domains are human-readable names that uniquely identify an Anypoint Platform organization. Ask the administrators of the other organization what their domain is, and be prepared to share your domain with them so they can add your organization to their list in return.
You can view your organization's unique domain name in the *External Access* page in Access Management.

To add an external organization to your list of trusted organizations:

. From the *Access Management* home page, click the *External Access* tab.
. In the *External Access* page, click *Add organization*.

> . Enter the unique domain name of the organization you want to share permissions with.

Reviewer: Nitpick - Should this be "...the organization with which you want to share...."

. Click *Add*.

== Remove a Trusted Organization

When you remove a trusted organization from your external access configuration, both organizations lose all existing shared permissions. In addition, you cannot grant new permissions until you reestablish the trust relationship.

> To remove a trusted organization from your list of trusted organizations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove a trusted organization:
```
